# openapi-java-client


- API version: 1.0.0
  - Build date: 2018-10-17T16:18:44.584Z[Etc/UTC]

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.7+
2. Maven/Gradle

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:1.0.0"
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/openapi-java-client-1.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

import com.ncp.airlock.client.invoker.*;
import com.ncp.airlock.client.invoker.auth.*;
import com.ncp.airlock.client.model.*;
import com.ncp.airlock.client.ActionsApi;

import java.io.File;
import java.util.*;

public class ActionsApiExample {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        
        ActionsApi apiInstance = new ActionsApi();
        String productInstanceId = "productInstanceId_example"; // String | The product id as returned by the init function or taken directly from the defaults file.
        Boolean sync = true; // Boolean | If true, the results will automatically replace the existing configuration. Otherwise, a sync call is required in order to expose the latest results (via /products/{productId}/sync).
        try {
            String result = apiInstance.calculate(productInstanceId, sync);
            System.out.println(result);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
            System.err.println("Exception when calling ActionsApi#calculate");
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost/airlock/api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ActionsApi* | [**calculate**](docs/ActionsApi.md#calculate) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/calculate | Executes all rules and generates an updated configuration for all features in the specified product based on the latest context.
*ActionsApi* | [**getLastCalculate**](docs/ActionsApi.md#getLastCalculate) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/calculate | Returns the date of the last calculation performed in unix time format (milliseconds from epoch).
*ActionsApi* | [**getLastPull**](docs/ActionsApi.md#getLastPull) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/pull | Returns the date of the last calculation performed in unix time format (milliseconds from epoch).
*ActionsApi* | [**getLastPullLocale**](docs/ActionsApi.md#getLastPullLocale) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/locale | Returns locale of the last pull performed.
*ActionsApi* | [**getLastSync**](docs/ActionsApi.md#getLastSync) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/sync | Returns the date of the last sync performed in unix time format (milliseconds from epoch).
*ActionsApi* | [**pull**](docs/ActionsApi.md#pull) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/pull | Downloads the latest rules and strings for a given product from the Airlock server. In case there is no server connectivity, Airlock will continue to use the existing rules and strings.
*ActionsApi* | [**pullAllProducts**](docs/ActionsApi.md#pullAllProducts) | **PUT** /products/pullAll | Downloads the latest rules and strings for all products from the Airlock server.In case there is no server connectivity, Airlock will continue to use the existing rules and strings.
*ActionsApi* | [**sync**](docs/ActionsApi.md#sync) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/sync | Exposes the latest calculation results.
*AnalyticsApi* | [**getAllFieldsForAnalytics**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#getAllFieldsForAnalytics) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/analytics | Retrieves all analytics data marked to be sent in the Control Center including context fields and feature information.
*AnalyticsApi* | [**getFeatureAttributesForAnalytics**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#getFeatureAttributesForAnalytics) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/analytics/features/{featureName} | Retrieves all analytics data marked to be sent in the Control Center for the specified feature.
*AppLifecycleApi* | [**liveness**](docs/AppLifecycleApi.md#liveness) | **GET** /appLifecycle/liveness | 
*AppLifecycleApi* | [**postStart**](docs/AppLifecycleApi.md#postStart) | **GET** /appLifecycle/postStart | 
*AppLifecycleApi* | [**preStop**](docs/AppLifecycleApi.md#preStop) | **GET** /appLifecycle/preStop | 
*AppLifecycleApi* | [**readiness**](docs/AppLifecycleApi.md#readiness) | **GET** /appLifecycle/readiness | 
*ContextApi* | [**clearContext**](docs/ContextApi.md#clearContext) | **DELETE** /products/{productInstanceId}/context | Removes the specific product contextual information.
*ContextApi* | [**clearSharedContext**](docs/ContextApi.md#clearSharedContext) | **DELETE** /products/context | Removes the cross-product contextual information.
*ContextApi* | [**getCurrentContext**](docs/ContextApi.md#getCurrentContext) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/context/current | Retrieves the current merged shared and product specific context.
*ContextApi* | [**getLastContext**](docs/ContextApi.md#getLastContext) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/context/last-calculated | Retrieves the merged shared and product specific context that was used in the last calculation operation.
*ContextApi* | [**getProductContext**](docs/ContextApi.md#getProductContext) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/context | Retrieves the current context of the specified product.
*ContextApi* | [**getSharedContext**](docs/ContextApi.md#getSharedContext) | **GET** /products/context | Retrieves the current cross-product contextual information.
*ContextApi* | [**updateProductContext**](docs/ContextApi.md#updateProductContext) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/context | Updates the contextual information of the specified product. This context will be used in all following calculate operations until changed.  The specified context will be merged with the existing context, overriding any existing fields.
*ContextApi* | [**updateSharedContext**](docs/ContextApi.md#updateSharedContext) | **PUT** /products/context | Updates the cross-product contextual information, shared by all products. This context will be used in all following calculate operations until changed. The specified context will be merged with the existing context, overriding any existing fields.
*DebugApi* | [**clearCache**](docs/DebugApi.md#clearCache) | **DELETE** /products/{productInstanceId}/cache | Clears the cached data for specific product
*DebugApi* | [**getExperiment**](docs/DebugApi.md#getExperiment) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/experiment | Retrieves current experiment info.
*DebugApi* | [**getExperiments**](docs/DebugApi.md#getExperiments) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/experiments | Retrieves the existing experiments info.
*DebugApi* | [**getFeatureStatuses**](docs/DebugApi.md#getFeatureStatuses) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/features | Retrieves all features of the specified product.
*DebugApi* | [**getProductBranches**](docs/DebugApi.md#getProductBranches) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/branches | Retrieves list of branch names existing on this product
*DebugApi* | [**getResponsiveMode**](docs/DebugApi.md#getResponsiveMode) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/responsive-mode | Gets product responsive mode streams for this product. DIRECT_MODE or CACHED_MODE
*DebugApi* | [**getSelectedBranch**](docs/DebugApi.md#getSelectedBranch) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/branch | Retrieves the current branch name is being used for this product.
*DebugApi* | [**getStreams**](docs/DebugApi.md#getStreams) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/streams | Gets all streams for this product.
*DebugApi* | [**isDeviceInFeaturePercentageRange**](docs/DebugApi.md#isDeviceInFeaturePercentageRange) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/percentage | Returns whether the device inside the feature percentage range or outside. The method is applicable for features, experiments,variant and streams
*DebugApi* | [**putProductBranch**](docs/DebugApi.md#putProductBranch) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/branches/{branchName} | Sets the current branch to be used on this product.
*DebugApi* | [**runActionOnStream**](docs/DebugApi.md#runActionOnStream) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/streams/{streamId}/actions/{actionId} | Apply stream action on specific stream, the available actions are: [reset], [clearTrace], [suspend]
*DebugApi* | [**setDevicePercentageRange4Feature**](docs/DebugApi.md#setDevicePercentageRange4Feature) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/percentage | Sets the device to be inside the feature percentage range or outside. The method is applicable for features, experiments,variant and streams
*DebugApi* | [**setResponsiveMode**](docs/DebugApi.md#setResponsiveMode) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/responsive-mode | Gets product responsive mode streams for this product. DIRECT_MODE or CACHED_MODE
*DebugApi* | [**statistic**](docs/DebugApi.md#statistic) | **GET** /products/statistic | Retrieves the server statistic data.
*FeaturesApi* | [**getFeatureByName**](docs/FeaturesApi.md#getFeatureByName) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/features/{featureName} | Retrieves the feature with the specified name.
*FeaturesApi* | [**getFeatureChildren**](docs/FeaturesApi.md#getFeatureChildren) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/features/{featureName}/children | Retrieves the children of the specified feature.
*NotificationApi* | [**deleteVasSubscriptions**](docs/NotificationApi.md#deleteVasSubscriptions) | **DELETE** /subscriptions/{id} | Call to VAS service to delete subscription.
*NotificationApi* | [**notificationHandler**](docs/NotificationApi.md#notificationHandler) | **POST** /subscriptions/notify | Handles update notification for Airlock Rest API shared context from VAS
*NotificationApi* | [**vasSubscriptions**](docs/NotificationApi.md#vasSubscriptions) | **POST** /subscriptions | Call to VAS service to create a new subscription to receive events or notifications about property updates.
*ProductsApi* | [**delete**](docs/ProductsApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** /products/{productInstanceId} | Removes the specified product completely from the system including all cached data related to it. Parallel to uninstalling the application.
*ProductsApi* | [**getAllProducts**](docs/ProductsApi.md#getAllProducts) | **GET** /products | Retrieves all products.
*ProductsApi* | [**getProductByID**](docs/ProductsApi.md#getProductByID) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId} | Retrieves a product by its id.
*ProductsApi* | [**init**](docs/ProductsApi.md#init) | **POST** /products/init | Initializes a product in Airlock. Must be called once before any other Airlock function can be used in this product. In case the product is already initialized and the product&#39;s version or defaults file does not match the previously initialized product then all of the product&#39;s cached data will be cleared except for user groups. Otherwise, this operation will have no affect.
*StreamsApi* | [**addEvents**](docs/StreamsApi.md#addEvents) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/streams/addEvents | Add events to the streams processing stack
*StreamsApi* | [**getStreamsResults**](docs/StreamsApi.md#getStreamsResults) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/streams/results | Retrieves the last streams calculation results
*StreamsApi* | [**runStreams**](docs/StreamsApi.md#runStreams) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/streams/run | Calculates all streams according to the events sent
*StringsApi* | [**getAllStrings**](docs/StringsApi.md#getAllStrings) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/strings | Retrieves all strings translated based on the locale of the application as specified in the pull function. Placeholders will not be replaced with any values and will be returned in their original form.
*StringsApi* | [**getStringByKey**](docs/StringsApi.md#getStringByKey) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/strings/{key} | Retrieves the translated string with the specified key based on the locale of the application as specified in the pull function.
*UserGroupsApi* | [**getAllUserGroups**](docs/UserGroupsApi.md#getAllUserGroups) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/usergroups/all | Retrieves all user groups exists for the specified product on the server.
*UserGroupsApi* | [**getUserGroups**](docs/UserGroupsApi.md#getUserGroups) | **GET** /products/{productInstanceId}/usergroups | Retrieves all user groups that were set for the specified product.
*UserGroupsApi* | [**updateUserGroupsToProduct**](docs/UserGroupsApi.md#updateUserGroupsToProduct) | **PUT** /products/{productInstanceId}/usergroups | Updates the list of user groups for the specified product with the specified list. All previously set user groups will be overridden with this list, unless the product has the same user groups list.


## Documentation for Models

 - [AnalyticsData](docs/AnalyticsData.md)
 - [Attribute](docs/Attribute.md)
 - [Experiment](docs/Experiment.md)
 - [ExperimentList](docs/ExperimentList.md)
 - [Feature](docs/Feature.md)
 - [FeatureAnalytics](docs/FeatureAnalytics.md)
 - [FeatureDebugInfo](docs/FeatureDebugInfo.md)
 - [Product](docs/Product.md)
 - [Stream](docs/Stream.md)
 - [Variant](docs/Variant.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author



